story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2012 american supernatural horror
film called the possession
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in what seems like a perfectly normal
and quiet suburban home
an old woman stands horrified and
trembling in front of a wooden box
the box lays sinisterly on her
mantelpiece the hebrew itching seemingly
murmuring to her
the radio plays in the background as she
holds a hammer in one of her fists
before she can strike an unseen force
makes her drop the hammer
her eyes roll to the back of her head
and her body convulses as she drops down
to the floor
her legs run violently as she spins
around on the carpet
the force pulls her body up breaking her
spine
she's thrown against the wall and
collapses back to the ground her head
smashing into a glass table nearby
hearing the commotion her son rushes
into the house and gasps at the horror
in front of him
meanwhile basketball coach clyde is
running late to pick up his daughters
hannah and emily for the weekend he
meets his ex-wife
stephanie and her boyfriend brett in his
former home
after an awkward goodbye clyde takes his
daughters to his new house in a new and
upcoming neighborhood
the next morning clyde and his daughter
stop by a yard sale
as he takes a phone call emily spots the
wooden box
while her father pays for the stuff
emily takes her box and spots a heavily
bandaged person from the window
it's the old lady who tried to destroy
the box but she has survived
the old lady spots emily from her window
and her eyes widen in horror
she thrashes about and screams until her
caretaker closes the window
terrified emily runs back to her father
later that night emily is woken up by a
voice coming from the box
she takes the box from her desk and
accidentally opens it
she explores the contents inside and
slips on a ring that she finds
the next morning emily hangs out with
hannah in the garage as she practices
for her dance performance
she tells her sister that she feels
funny and not herself
hannah tells her to just stop caring so
much about it this doesn't comfort emily
at all
at the end of the weekend clyde takes
his daughters back to their mom
the next weekend clyde has his daughters
over again
as they enter the house emily stops in
the hallway and hears sounds coming from
the kitchen
the girls call their father and he
orders them to go outside
before clyde could confront the intruder
a dark figure darts through the doggy
door
leaving behind their trashed fridge
later that night emily is woken up by
the voice again
when clyde calls her for breakfast emily
starts acting weird
he looks into her eyes and knows that
something isn't right
clyde confronts her but she stabs a fork
into his hand
the haunting continues into the night as
hannah discovers her sister's room
swarming with moths
in the morning clyde calls the
exterminator he takes the girls back to
their mom and asks her if she's noticed
anything weird lately with emily
stephanie reassures him that it's
probably because of the divorce
when clyde calls to check up on his
daughters emily tells him to not touch
the box no matter what
the following weekend the girls are back
again at the house
emily stares in horror at the bathroom
mirror as she sees the decay spreading
through her finger where the ring sits
she starts gagging and sees two fingers
crawling their way out of her mouth
she gasps feeling spooked at school
emily doesn't do any better she has a
complete meltdown and starts striking
one of her classmates
clyde and stephanie are called to the
principal's office and are informed
about emily's increasingly alarming
behavior
the box is left at school with emily's
teacher she begins hearing voices coming
from the box
as she tries to open it her eyes start
bleeding and an unseen force throws her
around the classroom before finally
throwing her out of the window
with school cancelled clyde spends his
morning with emily
he questions emily's relationship with
the box
emily then tells him that the box is
important to her and that's where her
woman friend lives
her friend tells her that she's special
clyde then asks if he could meet her but
emily says it's impossible because
nobody can see her friend
even her later that day clyde takes the
box from school and throws it into one
of the dumpsters
when he returns home he finds emily to
be hysterical demanding to know where
the box is
she yells spiteful things at clyde and
begins to smack herself
hannah witnesses this from the hallway
horrified and thinking that her father
had beaten his sister
emily runs outside and finds the box
where her father had left it
as she opens it a swarm of moths then
enters emily's body as she collapses on
the ground
clyde finds her daughter's body and
brings it back to his house
only to find stephanie and hannah
talking to the police
stephanie then files a temporary
restraining order against her ex-husband
looking for answers clyde takes the box
to a university professor
the professor then tells him that it's a
dybbuk box probably made by a jewish
community and originating from poland in
the 1920s
the dybbuk box is believed to contain
evil spirits and must never be opened
clyde now believes that an evil spirit
has possessed his daughter
he obtains a tanakh or hebrew bible and
visits his daughters despite the
restraining order
he finds emily in her room and reads her
one of the passages from the bible
an invisible force sends the bible
flying across the room
clyde demands the spirit to leave his
daughter's body but he is stopped by a
frantic stephanie and is ordered to go
home or else she will call the police
desperate for help kline travels to
brooklyn to meet with a rabbi named
sudok
sudok takes him to his father who then
tells clyde about the dybbuk
the dybbuk is looking for a living host
to take over its body
the only way to stop it is to command it
back into the box by its name
meanwhile stephanie finds emily in a
rabbit state ransacking their fridge
like a wild animal
emily goes berserk and starts destroying
their dishes
brit then convinces stephanie to take
emily to the hospital
the next morning emily drops on the
ground and begins having a seizure
stephanie calls an ambulance and breaks
down in tears not knowing what to do
with their daughter
meanwhile clyde is on the way home from
brooklyn with sid oak
they learn that the evil spirit's name
is a busy which means taker of children
after an mri scan that goes terrifyingly
wrong clyde finally catches up with his
family at the hospital
not wanting to waste more time clyde
leads his family and sedoka into an
empty room where they begin the exorcism
they light seven candles and each place
a token of themselves inside the box
emily starts going berserk as siddique
and clyde start reciting passages from
the bible
she trashes her arms and legs and then
slowly stops
she screams and goes into a rampage she
grabs sadok's head
her unnatural strength pinning him down
to the floor clyde lifts her off the
rabbi and she pushes him off
emily's eyes have rolled to the back of
her head her veins popping out and her
lips turning blue
she screams obscenities it clyde before
running off
he follows her into the morgan finds her
in one corner a voice comes out from
emily's body asking for her father
as clyde walks towards her she
disappears drops a black liquid splatter
on clyde's hand
when he looks up emily jumps on him from
above strangling him on the floor with
her in human strength as clyde begs the
spirit to take him instead
the rest of the group finally catches up
with clyde and emily
they find him hugging his daughter on
the floor sedoke feels unsure and asks
where the dybbuk is
he calls out its name until a gust of
wind pins clyde to the wall
the spirit has now transferred to clyde
as the family cries out in horror
sudoku continues the ritual the gust of
wind is now moving about the room
a swarm of moths is coming out from
clyde's body and then finally a rotting
hand erupts from his mouth
the box opens near clyde as the lights
trickle on and off
the hand makes its way out of clyde's
mouth and then finally an infant-like
figure
wet decaying with holes for eyes and a
gum-like mouth crawls on the floor
towards the box
the box closes and the wind disappears
clyde's family walks towards him and
envelopes him in a hug
they return to stephanie's house soon
after to recover
clyde calls sudoku while he's in his car
he's now in possession of the box
clyde asks him what he's going to do
with it sudoku replies that he's taking
it to his father and they will hide it
somewhere that no one can get to it
again
clyde hangs up as sedo crosses the
intersection out of nowhere
a truck hits his car in a fatal crash
sudok sits upside down in his vehicle
bleeding as onlookers call for an
ambulance the box had gotten out of the
car
laying several feet away awaiting its
new owner
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching